(September, 2017
P Hotel, Yeongjongdo, Incheon)
(A car arrives secretly.)
Let's do this, everyone.
(Awesome people arrive
in suits one by one.)
(Woo Jin is amazed.)
(The entire group of Wanna One,
the rookie group of 2017, is here.)
(Why are they here today?)
I rented this place today, so you
can just go in and have a good time.
(Let us introduce
the citizens here.)
(Kang Daniel,
amazing stamina, always excited)
Don't spit on me.
(Lee Dae Hwi, strong in secret,
the youngest, but most influential)
I felt it by instinct
(Ha Sung Woon, trusty vocal,
the newest minstrel)
I know everything.
This is...
What is this?
(Lai Kuan Lin, the young brain,
I know everything, do I?)
Let the past go
(Bae Jin Young, used to be dark,
but he's sweet for today)
Why is this person
here like this...
when there are
a lot of other spaces?
(Park Ji Hoon, human magnet,
saved Yoon Ji Sung in my heart)
(Ong Seong Woo, very loud,
full of unique clumsiness)
(Park Woo Jin, the dolphin, new
discovery of sexy baby oh my lady)
(Kim Jae Hwan, always cheerful,
innocent face with wild voice)
Why are you being shy?
You're so cute.
(Hwang Min Hyun, the dad,
you're cuter)
- The square root of 9 is 3.
- How?
- What?
- Why?
- How does 9 become 3?
- Because it's a square root.
(Yoon Ji Sung, math genius, "because
it's a square root" after 3 seconds)
- Oh, my.
- It's so fun. It'll be a success.
Look.
- Someone's like this.
- What is that?
Isn't that Kim Soo Hyun?
- We should say "Hello" to him.
- Yes.
- Hello.
- Nice to meet you.
- Gosh.
- What is this?
(This man is greeting everyone
greatly with arms wide open.)
(The game master of Wanna City)
- He's Kim Soo Hyun, right?
- Should we greet him?
Let's say "Hello" to him.
Let us say "Hello". 1, 2, 3.
- All I wanna do, Wanna One. Hello.
(They are very polite.)
He's greeting us with his arms
wide open.
He is very handsome in person.
A unique paradise
for a variety show.
- Welcome to Wanna City.
- What is this?
Is this voice coming from within?
- His lips aren't moving.
- I am your guide, Kim Soo Hyun.
I will be together with you today.
(Amazed)
- Oh, my.
- What is this?
(They are moved by
his introduction.)
- That's amazing.
- Gosh.
(There are tears filled
in his eyes.)
First, take a card from the front.
- Just pick one randomly.
- They are gold.
Come on.
You will fight to win...
divided by Team Black and Team Red.
Don't forget that the winning team
will win a hefty prize.
- Sure.
- I got it.
- Mine's black.
- Mine too.
Mine's red.
- Is this it?
- Are these the teams?
Are all your cards black?
We're all underage...
- meanwhile you all are not.
- You're not.
(We were just
as surprised as you are.)
(Team Black, Team Red)
(The teams are now divided.)
Team Black can sit there
while Team Red sits here.
- Right.
- Can we drink this?
Team Red, this way.
- Okay.
- 1, 2, 3, 4...
(He checks his face.)
All right. Thank you all for coming.
Okay, I wonder what's next.
(Beverages are handed out
to quench their thirst.)
(Amazed)
Keep it turning.
Isn't it lemonade?
(He's suspicious.)
Is it good?
(Everyone enjoys
their welcome drink.)
I think there's
something in the drink.
- What is it?
- I don't know.
What's wrong?
What is it?
Team Black is up 1 to 0.
- What?
- Sorry?
The first game is over.
- What?
What's going on?
(Ecstatic)
(Devastated)
- Hold on.
- What's wrong with him?
- There's something in his drink.
- Are you serious?
(Hello!)
(One of the drinks was salt water.
The team who drank it loses.)
(Team Black's spirits are high.)
(He tasted real salt.)
What's in it?
Let's see.
What is it?
It was disgusting.
- What is it?
- What's wrong?
(The taste is shocking, horrifying,
unbelievable, and uncanny.)
Is the game really over?
(He makes sure Daniel gets a sip.)
What is this?
That was fun.
This show is going to rock!
One drink must've been different
from the others,
and Seong Woo chose it.
I'm sitting dead in the center,
and I chose first.
You're meant to lose
first games anyway.
Shall we move on?
- Sure.
- Yes.
("Number Game" is worth 2 points.)
(The team wins if the number called
out matches the fingers raised.)
You better not cheat.
- Are we done when one team wins?
- Yes.
- It's a sudden death.
- Right.
Let's play in 1, 2...
In 1, 2, 3. 11!
(7 fingers were raised in total.)
Gosh.
In 1, 2, 3. 10.
(8 fingers were raised in total.)
- I guessed wrong.
- Right.
In 1, 2, 3. 12.
No way.
(Jae Hwan is astonished.)
(Numerous sets of eyes
scan the fingers.)
(8 fingers were raised in total.)
You made a fuss
when it was absolutely nothing.
In 1, 2, 3. 11.
- That was close.
- It's 10.
- Count again.
- 10 fingers.
- That was really close.
- It's our turn.
I have a good feeling about this.
In 1, 2, 3. 13.
(Did he call out the right number?)
In 1, 2, 3. 13. Okay.
- 1, 2, 7, 8, 10, 11, 12.
- That was so close.
(12 fingers were raised in total.)
You should've said one less,
you idiot!
If you had, we would've won.
He would've if he had known.
Let's just move on.
- Whose turn is it?
- In 1, 2, 3. 7.
1, 2, 3, 4...
In 1, 2, 3. 7.
(It's a match!)
He did it.
(Giddy)
(No way...)
Why aren't you cheering?
Hold on a second.
I'm on your team,
but I still find it astonishing.
- What is this?
- That was amazing.
We can't seem to beat them.
- Team Black leads 3 to 0.
- Yes, 3 to 0.
(The current score)
- We can't beat them.
- The last game is for four points.
(No way...)
You can't.
Hold on a second.
The previous games
were all for nothing.
(You've got to be kidding us!)
- It was all for nothing.
- What's going on?
The games so far
meant nothing at all.
There was no point in winning.
- Exactly.
- We played for no reason.
That's it. That's right.
- Good.
- We won for no reason.
- I know.
- Tell me about it.
(They feel wronged.)
- Kids, this is life.
- We only need to win once.
- It's all in one game.
- Fine, let's do this.
This is fun, so let's do this.
This game is called
"Hello, Cleopatra".
- Yes.
- Nice.
This game is called
"Hello, Cleopatra".
(This is what we're talking about!)
(This is unfair!)
Hello, Cleopatra
Hello!
("Hello, Cleopatra" is
worth 4 points.)
- I have a bad feeling about this.
- Hello!
Hold on a second.
They have too many vocalists.
- Hello!
(Nervous and anxious)
(The game still begins.)
- In 5, 6, 7, 8.
Hello, Cleopatra,
the world's thinnest potato chip
(Daniel raises the key higher.)
Hello, Cleopatra,
the world's thinnest potato chip
(This is easy.)
Hello, Cleopatra
The world's thinnest potato chip
(He uses his head voice.)
Hello, Cleopatra
(This is the highest key
he's ever sang in.)
(How's that?)
(Gosh...)
Hello, Cleopatra
(A dolphin appears!)
(So do seals.)
The world's thinnest potato chip
(The world's thinnest potato chip)
(The lead vocalist is
feeling the pressure.)
(I'm doomed.)
(His pitch was higher than
that of the lead vocalist.)
I can't believe it. You did it.
We won again.
- Hold on a second.
- Unbelievable.
I can't believe it.
(Team Black wins 7 to 0.)
It didn't even come close.
Woo Jin carried the team.
Something's here.
(They sing a tune
as the prize enters.)
- Congratulations
- Let's open it on three.
- Jin Young, go ahead.
- In 1, 2, 3.
(The winning team receives
a sweet beverage each.)
- In 1, 2, 3.
(This is what the losing team gets.)
- Nice!
- It's fine.
Are you kidding me?
How did they even do this?
Let's all dive in and share.
- Here.
- Cheers.
- Wait.
- We should be grateful.
- I actually like that.
- Then...
(I badly want to drink it all.)
(Jealous)
It's delicious.
What do you think you're doing?
- Wait.
- You can't drink it all.
(I'll win the next round.)
(Wanna City)
(Amazed)
(They enter where
Round 2 will take place.)
What is this place?
This reminds me of the place
where our ranking was announced.
- The second time.
- Exactly.
- I agree.
- I remember too.
The steps were here.
I'm always reminded of that...
in places like this
which makes me uncomfortable.
(They must stop when the music does
and answer a question correctly.)
- Stop right there
(Freeze)
What if the song stops while
we're in the middle of a this move?
(The song they'll dance to is
"Energetic".)
- In 1, 2, 3. Let's go!
- Let's go!
(Their rallying cry gets
them ready.)
(The song begins.)
(Nervous)
(He still manages to look handsome.)
(He's nervous.)
(He's nervous too.)
(Gulping)
Please don't stop now.
This is the hardest part.
The music can't stop right now.
Okay.
(They're off to a good start.)
(Daniel's first.)
"Who is most perceptive?"
Ji Sung.
He knows whenever I pretend
not to have ate ramyeon.
(The music plays again.)
(He still thinks it's hilarious.)
This is a bad spot.
(Who's next?)
I didn't eat ramyeon.
"Who's most pretentious?"
Jin Young.
He's just very cool.
(I'll get you later for that one.)
("Energetic")
No way.
"Say something to your dad."
Dad, I love you.
(Who's next?)
(The next question is for him.)
Have you eaten?
(The world's sweetest words.)
(Laughter and love are in the air.)
("Energetic")
"When did Wanna One debut?"
August 7!
That's amazing.
(They are busy dancing
and solving the questions.)
(But they still look amazing.)
("Energetic")
(What's next?)
- Who is it?
- It's Jin Young.
"What did you eat
for dinner yesterday?"
Fried chicken.
- Right.
- He's right.
- We shot a commercial.
- He's smart.
(Music, cue.)
(They move to the rhythm...)
(get excited,)
(and dance.)
(He shows a technique.)
"Who's the member Daniel
likes the most?"
(My favorite member?)
(I want to be chosen.)
(It's making me nervous
for no reason.)
Ha Sung Woon.
Their faces are the same tone.
That's right.
(Those who haven't been
asked a question are...)
(Woo Jin, Ji Hoon, Sung Woon,
and Min Hyun.)
("Energetic")
"What's 25 plus 78?"
- Wait. That's hard.
- My gosh.
That's...
(I didn't hear anything.)
100... 103.
(He's right!)
(The music resumes playing.)
[Kocowa Ver] E01 Wanna City
-= Ruo Xi =-
"Is there anyone you want to
invite to Pink Sausage Team?"
(Another member?)
(Can I join you?)
(I want to join
the Pink Sausage Team.)
None.
(He smiles.)
("Energetic")
"Which phrase became popular
after 'Koo Koo Ka Ka'?"
"I'll save you in my heart".
(He's a catch phrase maker.)
Something new.
- Something new?
- The frontal lobe.
I will input you
in my frontal lobe.
That's it.
It's hot.
(Groaning)
Oh, dear.
"What do you want to
say to your grandmother?"
"Stay healthy."
(Laughing)
(Their movements become lighter
when the questions are finished.)
(They get their smiles back.)
(Energetic baby)
(They are amazing.
"Energetic" is lovely.)
It's hot.
(They pass the 1st game of Round 2,
"Stop Right There".)
- This is difficult.
- I am sweating.
It's even tougher
when you try not to sweat.
- You're all warmed up, aren't you?
- Yes.
Let's begin the main game.
What?
Was that just a warm-up?
(The main game of Round 2 begins.)
(Wanna City)
This game will...
- test your team work.
- Team work.
- It's a game for us.
- Will we play together?
You will do an arm wrestling.
- Woo Jin is strong. Really strong.
- Jin Young too.
(But isn't Team Black
at a disadvantage?)
What do we do?
It's a couple arm wrestling.
Two players will be a team.
- 2 on 2?
- Lee Dae Hwi?
- Me?
(It's 2-on-2 Arm Wrestling.)
(Each team holds a meeting.)
You two should do it. Great.
We already have a plan.
You guys are done for.
(They ignore him.)
(Come on.)
5, 6, 7, 8.
Pink Sausage Team. Cross.
(They are surprised.)
- Are you the first players?
- Yes.
We are the first players.
Okay. Change the order.
- Wait.
- That's not possible.
Dae Hwi, Kuan Lin.
(Beat them.)
- Dae Hwi, Kuan Lin.
- Can't we change the order?
It's all right.
They're our sacrifices.
- Sacrifices.
- They're our sacrifices.
(Jae Hwan and Ji Sung versus
Ji Woon and Woo Jin)
- All right.
- We're having a war of nerves.
Wait. Can I stretch my shoulder?
- I will stretch my shoulder.
- You can't get hurt.
- I can't get hurt.
- There's wind.
- Our body is precious.
- Safety first.
- All right.
- I will wait for you.
Goodness, they're
having the war of nerves.
All right. Relax.
(It's me, Woo Jin.)
- Relax.
- Ready.
What's wrong with you?
We're in the same team.
- We are Wanna One.
- We love you all.
One. Ready.
Here we go.
1, 2...
- 1, 2, 3.
- Show them what you got.
Come on.
(The spectators are excited.)
(It's really fun to watch.)
(Ji Hoon and Woo Jin
of Team Black win the 1st game.)
- Our sacrifices are sacrificed.
- They are good.
Come on. Who's next?
You are the best.
(It's been a tough day
for Woo Jin the Strong Man.)
He's going to do well. Look.
(Team Black wins
without breaking a sweat.)
(Kuan Lin and Dae Hwi will
fight for Team Black on Round 2.)
By the way...
This is going to be boring.
What do you mean?
We are strong.
Don't you know how strong
Dae Hwi is?
We've been acting weak until now.
(Seong Woo and Min Hyun
versus Dae Hwi and Kuan Lin)
(The two teams cheer
for their players.)
(They cheer
in an old-fashioned way.)
Go, Min Hyun! Go, Seong Woo!
We will cheer for our players.
1, 2, 3.
Go, Dae Hwi and Kuan Lin!
(We won't lose, will we?)
- I am strong though.
- That was cute.
- Yes. You are strong.
Look how different our wrists are.
Look at these poor wrists.
Does anyone need a toothpick?
Dae Hwi, grab Seong Woo's elbow.
Should I hold it?
Ready.
- It's a big match.
1, 2, 3. Come on.
1, 2, 3.
(They got defeated
in just a second.)
Your wrist isn't broken, is it?
- I heard a snap.
- There was a snap.
- This is cracked.
Is it okay?
- 1, 2, 3.
Please come on out.
We are out.
(Why is he out again?)
- Why did you come out again?
- You're allowed to play twice.
(Sung Woon and Daniel
versus Woo Jin and Jin Young)
- Gosh.
- It's going to break his arm.
- Take it easy.
- All right.
- Ready.
I will put power
once the game starts.
My arm can't touch the table.
- Ready.
- Go, Sung Woon! Go, Daniel!
1, 2, 3.
Let's go. Let's go. Let's win.
- Let's do it.
- Let's go.
(They're extremely concentrated.)
(Power up!)
Go, Team Red!
(Go, team!)
- Come on, Sung Woon.
- Come on.
(The game is not ending.)
(What will happen to
this nip and tuck match?)
(Woo Jin and Jin Young win.)
This is crazy.
(That was tough.)
- I don't have any strength left.
- You were strong.
- I don't have any power left.
- Good job.
- It ended before I even tried.
(Team Black wins
with the score of 2 to 1.)
(Round 2 is finished.)
- Unexpectedly...
- Ours might be better.
We did really well.
The saying goes losing is winning.
- What is it?
- It's jumping.
- It smells like French fries.
- Really?
- Should we open it?
- All right. Let's open it.
- 1, 2, 3.
(What is it?)
(The winners get fried chicken.)
(The losers get fried chicken
flavored snacks.)
(Scream!)
- Wait.
- There's a drumstick.
(They can't believe
what they are seeing.)
- Wait.
- No way.
- This is beyond my imagination.
- I love this.
- I really love this.
- There's a drumstick.
- I...
- Should we eat it?
- No.
- Wait.
They should've served
enough for all of us.
- I don't eat drumsticks anyway.
- Right.
- You should eat.
- You eat first.
Guys, let's make a toast.
(They make a toast
using chicken-flavored snack.)
It's...
- We can't finish it anyway.
- We are only five.
- We can't finish it.
- Just eat it.
- That's not it.
Who wants it?
- Me.
- Wait.
You have to act cute first.
(Act cute?)
(Is he asking us to act cute
for a piece of fried chicken?)
(My gosh!)
(No problem.)
I want chicken.
(It becomes a mess.)
The camera is over there.
(They are doing
all kinds of things.)
Okay. That's enough.
Do everything you want.
Thanks.
You have to act cute.
Act cute. What are you doing?
- Do you not want to do it?
- I won't beg for it.
- I won't eat it.
- Won't you eat it?
Let's enjoy it.
I am upset.
(Here you go.)
I don't want French fries.
I want chicken.
(Wanna City)
I am going to win this time.
Watch out, Team Black.
- We are going to win this time.
- Go, team!
(Two rooms...)
(await for Wanna One.)
(What will happen here?)
(Team Red enters the venue
for Round 3.)
What's going on?
What's this?
- What's this? I'm scared.
- My gosh.
I think we sit here.
I guess we are supposed
to be sitting here, right?
What's the laptop for?
(What will be
the mission this time?)
- What's the laptop for?
- All right.
(He starts a sketch.)
The item I brought this time is...
- Send it to New York.
- Send it along with cheesecake.
- Cheesecake to New York?
- Okay.
Hello?
Please send the cheesecake
to New York.
Will do, sir.
(Team Red is having fun.
What is Team Black up to?)
(Team Black enters
the empty room.)
You lose!
(They're humming the background
music for "Love House".)
I love this. Isn't it like this?
You sit here.
Calm down.
Let's start the mission.
- Jin Young.
- Keep your class.
Have a seat.
Let's go.
Have a seat. Calm down.
It looks like a place
for a strategy meeting.
You've seen too many movies.
Look at that.
(What did Ji Hoon see?)
(The doors are locked.)
It doesn't feel good.
What's going on?
(What?)
I think we have to open this.
It's like room escape.
(Room escape?)
(Bingo.)
Gosh, that surprised me.
That really surprised me.
What's going on?
(The screen suddenly turned on.)
- Keep it down, boys.
- This is going to be fun.
"You are at the editing room
of Wanna-patch,"
"Korea's top-selling
entertainment newspaper company."
I will be the General Manager.
"This is Wanna Entertainment
which produced many celebrities."
(You are at the overseas
business department...)
(which is in charge
of the overseas expansion.)
You're given 30 minutes.
- What's going on?
- "You must escape this place."
Let's do this.
- Look at that.
- It began.
Look.
(It's chaotic.)
I used to work
at a room escape place.
- Trust me.
- What do we have to do?
(I don't know. Just crawl.)
- Don't move. The suspect...
- No.
The suspect is in here.
- The suspect is here.
What is this?
- What's this?
- Let's escape...
(Please open the door.)
Come on.
One is a number lock.
One is a key lock.
What's the other one?
(There are 3 locks on the door.
The team that escapes 1st wins.)
I used to work at a room
escape place. I got this.
We need to solve this.
Here's a job request
for Wanna-patch.
(Did they find the hint right away?)
It's addressed to Wanna One.
"A job request. I wish you
the best luck, Wanna One."
"Please get the job done
according to the description below."
"Cover the interview of NU'EST
presented by Eric Nam."
Why Eric?
Are you doing well, Eric?
- "Eat lunch and..."
- Wait.
- We...
- On 27th?
When is the 27th?
(The interview is held on
September 27, Wednesday at 1pm.)
(What are we supposed to cover?)
I think... This means "west".
There are "west" and "north".
There's "south".
It's "east, west, south, and north".
You're right.
But there's no "east".
(There are
"west, north, and south".)
(This is my limit.)
(They keep thinking.)
(Min Hyun gets an idea.)
- NU'EST. That's "east".
- That's "east".
(NU'EST means "east".)
- "West, north, south, and east".
- NU'EST means "east".
It's "west, north, south, and east".
I got it.
- Look. This is west, right?
- "West, north, south, and east".
West.
- Where is north?
- North is up.
- And then?
- North.
To the right.
(Please open.)
(Their reasoning ability
is surprising.)
(Will Team Red be able to
open the first lock?)
We have it here.
There's a hint. There's one.
- Everyone...
- Isn't this it?
(He finds a strange note.)
(There was a note on the laptop
with strange numbers.)
(Will these numbers open the lock?)
Isn't this the combination?
- What is that?
- Isn't this the combination?
Do we have four numbers?
(They give it a try right away.)
No.
(But the lock is not opened
with the numbers in the note.)
This is not it.
(He concentrates.)
(What? What's this?)
Bring that. Where is the note?
This is so fun.
The first is 0820.
This is our schedule.
(It's Wanna One's abroad schedule.)
The 1st is 0820.
0923.
KCON Australia.
Wasn't there a map?
0924.
(What do the schedule
and these numbers mean?)
I remembered them all.
Let's hurry up and do it.
So how do you
use this information now?
Wait.
Hurry up. Look for America.
This is Europe. Wait.
Don't look at South America.
Search for North America.
- What will you do with it?
- What will you do?
It's right here.
Right. What do you do with it?
(They found it.
But what will they use it for?)
- Now...
- What will you do with it?
(Why is there a camera?)
Let me see that.
(There's something.)
(Did I find something?)
Here you go.
(What is this?)
- What's that?
Great.
(Oh, my gosh)
(What is this alien language?)
What's this? Boracay?
(The symbols frustrate Team Black.)
What is this?
- I feel insulted.
- This is too difficult.
- Square root of four?
(Square root of four?)
I gave up math a long time ago.
I gave it up
when I was in eighth grade.
(Will they be able to get out
of the room within the day?)
(Team Red)
I opened it.
- Nice job.
- I knew he would do it.
I used to work
at a room escape cafe.
(Now 2 locks remain.)
Here's the next one.
On Wednesday at noon,
we have lunch in Gangnam...
- and move to...
- That's useless.
I think that's useless.
We have already solved
the puzzle with that information.
- So that's useless now.
- Is that right?
Of course.
Lovely.
This is frustrating.
I have to use my strength
to solve this.
I feel like something
should be here.
Since there's a camera here,
there's something in here.
What could
these four numbers mean?
- Four numbers?
- What do they mean?
What do the four numbers mean?
(Seong Woo has been
looking at the corner.)
When I opened this,
this came out.
(Team Red finds
the symbol chart too.)
- Who learned about square root?
- I will do it.
I've never learned about it.
BTOB has seven members.
(BTOB?)
(Are they the initials
for idol groups?)
BTOB has seven members.
- Mamamoo.
- Mamamoo has four members.
- We got it.
- BTS.
Boom Boom?
- No.
- Is it Park Bom?
- It should be a group.
- Big Bang.
- Highlight.
- Highlight. Multiply by...
- Now...
- The laptop has a calculator.
- It's...
- Where?
- The laptop has a calculator.
Every laptop has a calculator.
- Look for a calculator.
- We are genius.
Goodness.
They must've been shocked.
- What?
- It's there.
I wrote "calculator" wrong.
Calculator.
They must've never imagined
that we'd figure it out so quickly.
Add 7 to 804.
Add... I mean subtract four.
We're doing well.
Add seven and...
By the way, Sechs Kies...
used to be 6, but they're 5 now.
Subtract it by 5.
This is amazing.
Multiply it by square root of nine.
(Square root of nine?)
- Isn't this the square root?
- Here it is.
That's it.
- 7290.
(What does 7290 mean?)
We got it.
Okay.
(Will the lock open?)
It won't open.
(Where did it go wrong?)
Why isn't there anyone here?
- All right.
- It's not our forte.
Come here everyone.
On the count of three...
We are the strongest
ones in the team.
- No way.
- Let's find clues.
(They haven't found any clues.)
What are you doing?
Can this be it? No, right?
(Time keeps passing.)
All right.
(Eureka!)
I got it.
What is it?
These are the initials
of groups. I.O.I, Seventeen...
- Count the number of members.
- Black Pink.
- There's Black Pink.
- There's g.o.d.
- Vixx.
- That's Vixx.
Girls' Generation.
Square root 4 is 2.
- Is it really 2?
- It is 2.
- I.O.I has 11 members.
- 11 members.
(Solve from the top.)
- It's 1630.
It's either 1630 or 1631.
(At first, we thought
it was alien language.)
(But they were
the fellow idol group names.)
(We calculated
the square root as well.)
(Please open.)
I opened one.
- We got it.
- We did it.
- Did it open?
- I am a genius.
(They have 17 minutes
and 50 seconds left now.)
(Now 2 locks remain.)
Come here, guys.
Let's solve this first.
- How...
- Solve the square root of nine.
I will calculate.
Square root of 9 is 3.
- How? Why?
- Why?
How can 9 be 3?
- It's square root of 9.
- Okay.
It's 3.
Let's give it a try.
Let's multiply it by 3.
(What is the number?)
(They are very serious.)
(What number did they get?)
It's 2427.
(Did they finally get the answer?)
- We got it.
Okay.
- Here.
- Now just bring a saw.
Bring a saw.
Let's get a saw and open it.
(Now only 1 lock remains.)
(10 minutes and 45 seconds remain.)
(Team Black still have
2 locks to open.)
I think I get this.
It departs from Seoul...
and leaves for Los Angeles.
This is the direction.
We depart from Seoul
and go to Los Angeles.
Where do we go on September 23?
- Australia.
Then go down.
- Hong Kong.
- Go up.
Go down.
- It worked!
(It worked!)
- Let's go.
- We got it.
Do we have one lock left now?
(Both teams have 1 lock to open.)
(They only have 7 minutes.)
(They have to escape
sooner than the other team.)
(They have to find
the hidden last hint.)
(Please give us a hint.
We have to win this time.)
(Team Black dreams of
winning on Round 3 too.)
(Team Red is desperate to win.)
(This is frustrating.)
(I don't see a key.)
(I still can't see it.)
(They have to escape the room
faster than anyone.)
(Which team...)
(will complete the mission
and escape the room?)
From my years of experience
working in a room escape cafe,
keys are usually...
(What usually happens to the keys?)
- hidden.
- Could it be inside of something?
Right. It should be hidden inside
something. Where could it be?
I want to solve it on my own.
(Jae Hwan was checking
the bottom of the chair.)
I found it.
- Bravo.
- Okay.
(Jae Hwan finds the last clue.)
- Where was it?
- He found it.
- Hurry up. Hurry up.
- It was underneath the chair.
- Here it is.
- What does it say?
To be one! Wanna One!
Everyone in the team should go up
on this envelop and last 11 seconds.
Take off your shoes.
- Take off your shoes.
- I can lift two people.
Take off your shoes.
The ones on our back
should hold us.
How can we stand on one foot?
Should we link each other's
arms like this?
- How's this?
- Pull each other.
- You should pull each other.
- Go down.
- Should we pull each other?
- Really?
Shouldn't we pull each other?
But it doesn't work.
Step on my foot.
- Like this?
- Step on my foot.
- This is a great idea.
And lift your other foot
on the count of three.
- 1, 2, 3.
Wait.
- Wait.
- How many seconds is it?
- 11 seconds.
- Step on my foot.
- Go in.
- This is too funny.
Pull each other. Pull each other.
1, 2, 3.
This is so funny.
(They fail again.)
Do it again.
Hurry up. Go up.
(Meanwhile, Team Black
is searching the room.)
I have no clue. Wait.
(He threatens the crew
through the window.)
You know, don't you?
(Team Black has a hard time
finding the last clue.)
Use that.
It should be here somewhere.
- 1, 2, 3.
- Lift your foot.
1, 2.
Gosh.
- Wait.
- This is not it.
- Wait. How can we stand?
Some of us should be
on our shoulders.
(His tongue gets tied.)
- Wait.
- There is a way.
What if one person
carries one person in the back?
But we can't stand on one foot
for 11 seconds.
(I am the man of wisdom.
Please let me think of a solution.)
(There must be a way.)
"Every member of the team
should stand on the envelope."
(Oh?)
Wait.
What if we open the envelope
and make it wider?
- He's right!
- Rip the envelope!
- Rip it.
- He's right. He's right.
- He's right.
- Let's rip it.
- Let's try it.
- Rip it.
- It's already ripped.
It didn't say that
we shouldn't rip the envelope.
- Right.
They should've said
do not rip it.
Rip it so that each of us get one.
- Rip more.
- Stand on one.
Let's rip it in four pieces
and stand on them with one foot.
- It's already ripped.
- It's done.
- You can make one more.
- Here.
- Now let's stand on it.
- Okay.
Let's hold hands.
- Step on it.
- 1, 2, 3.
- We did it.
Step on my foot.
5, 6, 7,
8, 9,
10, 11.
(They succeed.)
(They are thrilled.)
(A key is thrown.)
Let's get out.
Get out.
- Let's get out.
- Let's hurry out.
Don't get your shoes.
Just leave your shoes.
- We have to escape before they do.
- We have to go first.
- Hurry out.
- Get out.
(They run outside.)
I'm barefooted.
(Where is the prize?)
What is it?
Use the stairs and go to Room 11000.
(Their final destination
is Room 110000.)
- We did it.
Should we hide?
Let's hide.
(They move busily
to fool the other team members.)
Let's go.
What?
- Did they escape first?
- What?
- What happened?
- No way.
(He pretends he hasn't
seen it yet.)
What is that?
(What's this?)
- What's this?
- It's my ring.
We have something to show you.
- Let's go.
- What is it?
(Ta-da!)
(It's the card key which lets them
take the elevator to Room 11000.)
We got one too.
Show them.
Do you not have this?
(What happened?)
(Here's what happened.)
(5 minutes ago)
Why is the camera here?
(Dae Hwi wondered why
the camera was hidden in a corner.)
Why is the camera here?
It should be where the camera is.
(Where there's a camera,
there is something.)
(Oh?)
I think I am quick-witted.
(Team Black finds the last clue.)
I am good at playing games.
He found it.
"To be one! Wanna One!"
"Every member should stand on
this envelope and last 11 seconds."
If we were six,
- we would've been in trouble.
- I know.
- My legs are weak.
- Do that.
And hug each other.
(They give a piggyback
to another member and hug.)
Woo Jin, please keep the balance.
(The counting begins.)
1, 2, 3,
- Come on.
- 4, 5,
6, 7, 8, 9,
10, 11.
(They succeed in one try.)
- Let's go.
- We did it.
Let's escape.
(Team Black open the last lock
and escape the room.)
Did we come out first?
(Team Red is not out yet.)
We got out first.
Don't make any noise.
Open.
It's the key to the penthouse.
Let's go.
Where is it?
(This is what happened.)
Do you have a card like this?
Perhaps we have to take the stairs
while they ride the elevator.
- Wait.
- We can ride with them.
I am barefooted.
I am barefooted as well.
We came out on barefoot.
(Team Black wins
a sweeping victory.)
- Let's go.
- It's a pumpkin carriage.
I will give you my gold card.
- Go get something good.
- You are amazing.
Then let us ride the elevator.
You can't ride the elevator.
It's the elevator.
This way for the elevator,
and that way for the stairs.
We will see you up there.
- Have fun.
- Good luck.
I'm going to run.
Don't run.
Are we really running?
- We are really.
- Really?
(Are they running to Floor 11?)
It would be too tough
for the cameramen. Let's walk.
- It's hard for the cameraman.
- This is really happening.
- We are really taking the stairs.
(Yes, you are really
taking the stairs.)
We are here.
(They arrive at the penthouse
fast and swiftly.)
It's here.
Ta-da.
(Their eyes open big
and jaws drop.)
- No way.
- I love you.
This is crazy.
This is amazing.
(We prepared a special treat
for Wanna One.)
This is a house.
What is this place?
Don't lie down. Don't.
Did they say we can't lie down?
It looks like we shouldn't lie down.
Goodness.
I will take a shower now.
Hot shower?
(We're more excited to see
Ji Hoon's abs,)
(but we will check it next time.)
When we arrive in the room,
we should pretend to be cool.
Don't look tired.
The moment we gasp, we lose.
(After 10 minutes)
Go, team!
I am so tired.
Make me brave
Once again
Make me strong enough
to defeat rough waves
Catch your breath.
Pretend you're not tired.
Don't gasp.
It's here. I hear them.
(He doesn't even have
any strength to talk.)
11th floor is too high.
(They are amazed by the splendor.)
- What's this?
- They're having a party.
It's as if you came here
one hour ago.
(His eyes are closed.)
(They changed into pajamas.)
(They look comfortable as if
they became one with the sofa.)
You look relaxed, don't you?
Hello, we are Wanna One.
(Seeing Team Black resting
makes them sadder.)
You look very relaxed.
Jin Young, your sleeping acting
is very bad.
(He gets up.)
Did you take the stairs?
Aren't you tired?
- The pajamas...
- Aren't we tired?
Do you want to try it?
(Wanna One reunites
after changing into pajamas.)
(What would Wanna One do
when they are resting?)
(Type 1. Power Dancers)
(We minimized the captions
for the fans of Wanna One.)
Give it to you
Cause uptown funk
going to give it to you
Drop the beat.
- Don't believe me, just watch
- Come on!
(This is how the dancing kings
spend the night.)
(Type 2, The sentimental balladeer)
I am still young
and a little bit scared
I know that the rain will stop soon
One
(He looked cute
even when he missed a note.)
(Type 3, The unanswered question)
There is a lot of space.
I don't know why he is here...
when there is a lot of space.
He is snoring too.
For goodness' sake.
(With the matching pajamas,
they have the perfect chemistry.)
What is this?
(Type 4, The chatterbox)
I am waiting for you
- I am waiting for you
- They're filming us.
There is a camera filming us.
- It's embarrassing.
- Why is it embarrassing?
- We are on a bed.
- Stop it.
- What?
Why is it embarrassing?
Are you embarrassed of me?
- You have a muffin top.
- Don't be ridiculous.
How cute!
Don't say that I have a muffin top.
I don't want people to believe it.
They won't believe it.
Come on! Ta-da!
(Woo Jin interrupts their moment.)
(He didn't leave the bed
for a long time.)
(The shoot resumes.)
Does it feel like
something is missing?
We need something to snack on.
Every party needs a game, food,
- and drinks.
- A board game?
- That's right.
- Drinks?
I wasn't talking
about alcoholic drinks.
- We need something like juice.
- Coke?
(That's why we prepared this.)
No way!
- No way!
- This is the best.
(Standing up)
[Kocowa Ver] E01 Wanna City
-= Ruo Xi =-
(The production crew's gift
will make the party shine.)
(Oh, yes.)
I really want to eat.
I am so excited.
(Here come sandwiches and fries.)
We won't get chogochujang
instead of ketchup, will we?
- Is that for a game?
- Do we need to play a game?
- We need to do something to eat.
- We need to do something.
- My goodness.
- I heard something.
The fries look delicious.
(What do they need to do
for the late-night snack?)
(The 11 members will receive
the late-night snack...)
(if they move 5 table tennis balls
with chopsticks in 1 minute.)
- Five table tennis balls?
- It's a piece of cake.
We just need to stay calm.
We should have a chant.
Heave, ho, heave, ho.
- That's right.
- Since one minute is pretty long,
- we need to stay calm.
- Let's relax...
so that we can eat
sandwiches and fries.
- Get your chopsticks ready.
- Okay.
- Start.
- Wait a second.
- Relax.
- Do it slowly.
We can do this.
- It's not a difficult task.
- Ho.
- Heave.
- Wait a second.
- Ho.
- Heave.
Min Hyun is holding chopsticks
in a strange way.
- My goodness.
- It's okay.
Min Hyun is holding chopsticks
in a strange way.
- Ho.
- My goodness.
- It's okay.
- Heave.
Who was that?
Jae Hwan, stop talking.
- Heave.
Who was that?
Jae Hwan, stop talking.
Ho.
Did we get six table tennis balls
in the glass?
- No.
- We dropped a ball.
Ho.
30 second passed.
- No way!
- Don't get excited.
Come on.
- 30 second passed.
- No way.
Don't get excited.
Heave.
Ho.
- 30 second passed.
- No way.
- We got one ball in the glass.
- Heave.
Ho.
- Will we succeed?
- My goodness.
- We got one ball in the glass.
- Ho.
Don't use
the tip of your chopsticks.
Use the middle part.
How many balls do we have?
- Heave.
- Be careful.
My fingers are strained.
We need to hurry up.
- We need to hurry up.
- Come on.
(The game is almost
coming to an end.)
Hurry up and get one more ball
in the glass.
Come on.
Wait a second.
Four.
(Will Wanna One get
the late-night snack?)
(I really want to eat
sandwiches and fries.)
(Please)
- Wait a second.
- Come on.
Four.
Hey!
(The last member dropped the ball.)
- One.
- Seong Woo!
- For goodness' sake.
- Why do you keep messing it up?
- Wait a minute.
- Seong Woo!
- For goodness' sake.
- Why do you keep messing it up?
- What is wrong with you?
- For goodness' sake.
- Forget it.
Leave the room.
- Leave the room.
- Leave.
Leave.
Seriously.
It's completely ridiculous.
- You messed up the first round.
- Are you kidding me?
You messed up the first round.
Why do you keep messing it up?
- We only needed one more ball.
- I Am Ground.
- What is wrong with you?
- Seriously.
Maybe he is a spy.
- Maybe Seong Woo is an X-man.
- You are a spy...
- from the crew, right?
- You are an X-man, right?
- Please give us another chance.
We will put eight table tennis balls
in the glasses.
A popping performance in pajamas.
Seong Woo will give
a popping performance in pajamas.
He will dance
to the guitar accompaniment.
The guitar accompaniment.
- That's a good idea.
- Since it's a penalty,
- I will play something great.
- You made a ridiculous mistake.
Give us a popping performance
to the music.
(Why is this happening to me?)
5, 6, 7, 8.
(It's the new kind of popping.)
(Laughing)
- My goodness.
- Why do I feel sad?
- It's hilarious.
(I have so much respect.)
(The perfect finale)
- It was great.
- You looked cool.
Grab the tools.
Let's eat.
We have eight balls to move.
I am not good
at using the chopsticks.
Min Hyun holds them
in a strange way.
We need to drop
less than three balls.
Min Hyun dropped two balls.
- Slowly.
- Heave.
Min Hyun is holding chopsticks
in a strange way.
- Ho.
- My goodness.
- It's okay.
- Heave.
Who was that?
Jae Hwan, stop talking.
(His mind goes blank
after dropping two balls in a row.)
Then Min Hyun should go first.
I think that's a good idea.
Min Hyun should do this.
(They offer a solution
for Min Hyun.)
Give Min Hyun a spoon.
- A spoon?
- Do this.
Min Hyun can't do it.
That's why I am worried about him.
- He keeps struggling.
- Min Hyun.
He can't use chopsticks very well.
He is terrible at it.
Hold chopsticks like this.
- I can't even copy him.
- Do this instead.
That's right. When he does that,
pick up the ball.
Pick up the ball.
- You know what I mean, right?
- I am bad at this.
(Will they be able to eat
sandwiches?)
The paradise of variety shows!
- Wanna City, let's go!
- We can do this.
- Come on.
This is the last chance.
(Are they off to a good start?)
Let's go.
All right.
(He makes the 1st ball.)
(He drops the 2nd ball.)
For goodness' sake.
This is driving me insane.
- Don't let go.
- Ji Sung!
(He averts his eyes.)
This is what he does.
How does he eat?
Okay, let's go again.
Let's go again.
- This is no good.
- This is ridiculous.
- My goodness.
- Let me eat...
sandwiches!
It wasn't my fault, was it?
Let's go again.
- Let's go again.
- The shoot can't go on forever.
Please just give us the food.
Let's go again.
- Concentrate.
- Stick your chopsticks in there.
Stop talking.
The paradise of variety shows!
- Wanna City, let's go!
Start right away.
- Come on.
- All right.
Hold on tight.
Be quiet.
Don't let go too quickly.
- All right.
- Let's stay on our toes.
All right.
Okay.
It's a bit tilted.
Good job.
We shouldn't go too fast.
- That's right.
- Okay.
I am sorry.
30 seconds passed.
Okay, okay.
(So far, they put 3 balls
in the glasses)
Okay, okay.
I love that clanking sound.
My goodness.
- My goodness.
- Calm down.
- Here.
- Okay.
Focus.
(The ace members in moving the balls
are doing an amazing job.)
Okay.
Let's stay calm.
(The table tennis balls
find their places with a clank.)
Okay.
(Do they have one more ball to go?)
Aren't we done?
- My goodness.
- Hey!
- Don't get excited.
It's the last one.
(Everyone is watching.)
(He picked it up.)
There is no ball now.
- There is no ball now.
- Don't joke around. Put it in.
Put it in. Put it in.
Put it in.
(With the leader's desperate cry,
they succeed in moving 8 balls.)
(Wanna One won late-night snack.)
(I love sandwiches.)
Finally!
All right.
- Please give us the food.
- We will eat.
Thank you. Thank you.
(Congratulations)
- May we eat?
- Yes.
- Thank you for the food.
Thank you for the food.
- Sprinkle salt.
Oh, yes.
Are we sprinkling salt?
(It looks delicious.)
My goodness.
Why did you bring forks?
This is...
It's really tasty.
Let's eat a lot of delicious food
together.
Let's walk on the path
of delicious food.
That's the most important thing.
Delicious food trumps
success or money.
I agree.
(Wanna City)
Today marks one month of our debut.
- I see.
- It's meaningful day.
It felt like
a one-month anniversary party.
- That's right.
Please invite us back
for this program.
We will have another season
if we get a lot of views and likes.
Please press like.
- Wannable, let's go.
- Please press like.
- Wannable, we want a new season.
The paradise of variety shows!
- Wanna City, bye!
(It's time to say goodbye
to Wanna City.)
(The end or not)
How refreshing!
I had a lot of fun today.
The day passed by so quickly
that I regretted not coming earlier.
I had a lot of fun.
I am fascinated
to visit a place like this...
for a shoot.
This is a bathtub.
It's really big, isn't it?
It's my first time
visiting a place like this.
I had a great day.
I love it here.
I love this space.
I am drunk on the atmosphere.
Does it show?
I felt comfortable
throughout the shoot.
This was the first time
I felt so comfortable.
When would we have a chance
to use a luxury suite?
I am giving an interview!
I had a lot of fun today.
Yes. Well...
(He forgot what he wanted to say.)
What should I say?
It was great to have
a healing time with the members.
A month passed since we debuted.
Since we have a lot of time,
I hope we would make
fun and nice memories.
I want us to build deep friendship.
I think it's nice...
to do something with the members.
I want to do more things
with the 11 members.
I want to make more memories.
There are many things
we don't know about each other.
(There are many things
we don't know about each other.)
The fans who love Wanna One,
Wannable,
it's all thanks
to you that we are here.
Please continue to cheer for us
by our side.
While we accomplished
many things in a month,
there are much more we want to show.
Please look forward
to our future endeavors.
We worked hard
and had fun throughout this shoot.
Please send us your love
and watch this program.
We did our best...
and worked with the staff
to film this program.
I hope many people watch it.
I am wearing pajamas.
Dream about me.
Let's go to bed. Bye.
Good night.
Good night, everyone.
Bye.
Good night.
I love you.
Do you want to watch Season Two?
Please contribute
via views and likes.
Ta-da!
Good night.